[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: In this one, we're not
gonna look at this aside from to make
knowledge of the fact
that it is an id of tuna.
We're gonna probably attach
JavaScript to that id.
We have a class.
When tuna gets a class of sit he
will run his sit down animation.
So we wanna listen for
his walk cycle animation to finish
before we give him a class of sit.
Right now he's got that
walk cycle running once.
>> Rachel Nabors: So let's do this,
I've added a bunch of
placeholder stuff right here.
Ta-da, animated thing.
What is the animated
thing we're animating?
Why, it is none other than "#tuna".
Some people use single quotes,
some people use double quotes.
I'm a double quotes kind of person.
I also use tabs, it's cool.
Haters gonna hate.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Rachel Nabors: [COUGH] And
now over here on animationlistener,
what are we listening for?
We are listening for animationend.
And if it doesn't run,
keep an eye on those event listeners.
Now, here I have done a terrible
disservice to people who are just copying
and pasting into here.
We actually need some curly brackets
before we put in a function,
an anonymous function.
The idea is that you could
have gone out here and
been like var on, whoa, wow, great.
Nice tabs there.
onTunaWalkEnd = function.
And then we would be like,
we're gonna do this,
and then we're gonna put
all of this in there.
And then we would do
onTunaWalkEnd in here.
>> Rachel Nabors: But
I thought it would be so
much more fun to write
with an anonymous one.
And so we're just gonna finish
this up here, finish our thought.
("#tuna").addClass("sit").
>> Rachel Nabors: And
it totally didn't work,
probably due to some syntactical
error of mine, that's okay.
I'm just gonna grab this.
Boop boop.
>> Rachel Nabors: So here,
we're gonna pass an anonymous function.
Parentheses, curly brackets.
And inside we are going to say
("#tuna").addClass("sit").
And there,
when he's finished walking he sits down.
We could also have used the this.
This way the Dom doesn't
have to go out there and
refine tuna every time this fires.
Ta da!